Correcting one of the usage in documentation (#24197)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/variables/advanced-variable-format-options.md

## Distributed - OpenTSDB

> Formats multi-valued variable in custom format for OpenTSDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Formats variables with multiple values in custom format for OpenTSDB.
```
